README: make it clear that the current stable version (v2.3.0) does not work on PHP8 (#2219)
WordPress/WordPress-Coding-Standards: README.md

### Requirements

> The WordPress Coding Standards require PHP 5.4 or higher and [PHP_CodeSniffer](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) version **3.7.2** or higher. The current stable release does not work on PHP 8, and for the moment we recommend that you use PHP 7.4.

Author: ```suggestion
The WordPress Coding Standards require PHP 5.4 or higher and [PHP_CodeSniffer](https://github.com/squizlabs/PHP_CodeSniffer) version **3.7.2** or higher. PHP 8 is only supported in WordPress Coding Standards v3.0.0 and above.
```
